### Overview: Social Media Data Collection (Twitter)
The aim of this assignment was to extract tweets from Twitter information related to the Chevrolet Bolt. The latter will be used in my team project related to ‘Nature & Environment’, to perform extraction of sentiment analysis of the Chevy Bolt compared to other competitor electric vehicles. A Twitter account was created using developer tools, authentication credentials were utilized to automate data collection of a Twitter stream to extract tweets referencing the ‘Chevrolet Bolt’. The extracted information was not parsed for detailed analysis, but the raw collected data was output into a JSON formatted file, and as two separate text files to review the tweets.

The strategy used for this exercise was to use a Python program (using the Twitter package) designed to access Twitter data related to mentions of the ‘Chevrolet Bolt’. Specifically, a Twitter account was established in order to obtain Twitter credentials (via https://apps.twitter.com) for the purposes of deriving Twitter authorization to access Tweet data. The example keyword argument was a search string related to the Chevy Bolt, which was passed using a method that used the Twitter API to derive 200 tweet results. The data was output in JSON file format (Javascript Object Notation). Each of the 200 dictionary records represented in the JSON output file were parsed, to first display each entire tweet record and output to a plain text file, and secondarily parsed to a plain text file containing the text part of the tweet. The results of the Twitter data acquisition were captured in 3 files: 1 JSON-format file and 2 text files (e.g. AB_tweet_file.json, AB_tweet_review_file.txt, AB_tweet_text_file.txt).
